The rep talked me through information about porting my existing landline and answered all my questions.I felt confident that everything would turn out well and that I would be able to keep my existing number, which was my first priority, as well as having a number of cordless phones in my home, in different rooms. I was very pleased it worked out so well. Good customer support is becoming so hard to find these days. The instruction that came with the base unit were easy to follow.

Every step was wrong. From billing to setup to porting. Every step required me following up, instead of Community Phone. I feel for you agents. What a terrible position you put them in. The weirdest thing is that I think your product might be ok. But the experience has been absolutely stressful and unnecessarily time -consuming. I don't understand. Simple training and transparency goes a long way.

The line goes out every two months or so, and I have to troubleshoot, which is time-consuming. I had to call today and spent over 45 minutes with the chat person, who finally resolved it. I do not like that it is happening too many times.I usually go without the phone for a week or longer because I don't have the time to call or troubleshoot.This time, I went without a phone for a week and a half.

I cannot recall who I talked to But he  sure knew how to guide me through the process to get the phone hooked up.

Hassam was extremely helpful in educating me about their services.  He answered all of my questions clearly and thoroughly. I am moving to a very rural area and wanted to keep my landline number that I have had for over 30 years. Very good customer service!

I like having my landline phone & extensions working again, since AT&T stopped service in my area.  However, there are some quirks that may or may not be ironed out-  the phone rings only once if the call is from a number not in my directory.  That's OK, but it only rings 3 times on calls from friends/family even though I've set my phones to 5 rings. I can't always pick up before my answering machine.-When I go to make a call, there is a much longer pause after I dial the # and the first ring.-I received a SIM card, but no instructions for what to do with it, or what exactly it does. So I have to phone Comm Phone.However, I don't know if any other phone service will be any easier for me, so I'll just see how things progress...I will say, though, that every technician I've spoken with has been very pleasant and helpful.

Helped transfer over our old number of 61 years. Saving money and getting better service.

I used my cell phone when I activated the base unit , in doing so that is the number given to my community base line. I had previously and was approved to keep my land line number. I called customer service and informed them of the mix up. I now have to wait 4 to 5 business days for them to correct this issue.

The person I talked to was very helpful and got everything taken care of for mr

From the very beginning you have stayed in touch, informed me of what is going on, what to expect, even called to see if I had any questions. Thank you all for being such a wonderful Company. If I could I would give you a rating of 100.

The transferring process was well taken care of and happened immediately. I was able to keep the same phone number. Perhaps, the wait time to get the community phone would've been shortened.

I worked with Abdul on setting up my phone. I had been trying to figure out how to turn the text to landline off. It was filling up my email and Abduel helped me turn it off. He was awesome to work with very polite and had a sense of urgency which I appreciated. I felt like a valued customer. In today's world getting treated like that is rare for me.

I was able to order the service and hardware and install it in a different State of the US.  My Dad had a difficult time using a cell phone so this phone was perfect for him.

Out of all the years I was with Community Phone I never had a problem with it and the installation was so easy.

Everyone I talked to was very helpful with the switch over of service and phone number. Received the box easy to install. Went well

Never had issues with my phone calls. Customer service people were very nice.

Great for anyone tired of cellphones. My elderly father who is legally blind uses Community Phone. My ONLY complaint is there is no way to prevent unauthorized people from forwarding the calls from the landline to a cellphone. We are having this security issue with a troublesome relative. Customer service is excellent and we really like the robocall prevention system.

Everyone I talked to on the phone was very pleasant & helpful.  Wait times were within reason.  Unfortunately, after many many tries, the phone just did not work. Very frustrating and, under those circumstances, very expensive.

There was a major problem but it was handled in a friendly manner. The customer service gets a 4 and a half out of 5. Only because it took writing a bad review to get the answers I needed in a friendly manner, my only advise would be watch who you hire for answering the phone. All but one person has been wonderful. Thank you for your quick response to my complaint here. And please remember, your customer has dementia and can NOT make decisions about this account. Thank you for your continued attention to this matter.

4 calls this week, most recent one today 8/10, with regard to my Dad's phone and service. None of which was a Community Phone problem. Your service is professional and personable, as well as knowledgeable, so very helpful. It's nice to know that such know customer service still exists.

I had the service for a few years but my husband thought it was too expensive.  He found another company and we cancelled the service and asked for our telephone no which we have had for 24 years. After numerous calls Community assured me the other company could obtain my no.  My.new company has asked numerous times and still no number or response.  The reps for Community are not properly trained and. Will give you a headache if you cancel.

I love community phone! It works well and costumer service is always helpful.

I'm only get three rings to get to the phone  before it hangs up and when I dial the phone I got to be quick or it goes to a recording

very knowledgeable, helpful and a pleasure to work with

Community Phone setup was not only simple, but their response time is always excellent, any issue I had was immediately resolved (my errors).  Their customer service reps are patient and knowledgeable.  They note every call, so if I have to call again, every rep is fully informed of my history.  Lastly, they even make housing moves effortless.  Can't say enough about this company.

Needed help with accessing my voice mail.  Got it working now.

They were able to fix all of our questions over the phone with minimal effort. Besides that the next best thing is that EVERYONE that we have delt with speaks perfect understandable ENGLISH.

When I telephoned to express my concerns regarding my new installation, the technician was able to identify what was causing the difficulty and immediately set up for a shipment of the necessary item.In addition, the technician took the time to explain a few other details about my new service and make me aware of new things that would be available soon.I was always treated with respect and felt very valued as a new customer.  I look forward to a long association with Community Phone, and I wish the very best to all of these dedicated people who's goal it is to provide excellent, trustworthy service.

This person listened to my questions/concerns and gave me prompt accurate answers.  She was very helpful.

i needed a replacement black box and the response was immediate - along with free replacement - no charge whatsoever.  The below date is a guess as I cannot remember the exact date.  I would like to add that this company has been a life saver for me as other company's prices are extremely high and Community Phone has not only terrific prices but also the best of the best customer services anywhere around.  I plan to be a customer for many years to come.

The signal in my area was not strong enough to give us acceptable phone service. People were great and certainly tried their best to make it work, but it wasn’t possible. Update: Mark called me today to say they are updating their services in my area and reception will be much improved soon.  He’s also working on expediting my deposit refund. Nice guy and company.

After struggling with bad service, rude reps and high prices for many years, I switched to Community Phone and got great service, responsive assistance, very low rate, equipment that is easy to set up, use and adjust if needed, and the NICEST folks to help me with any questions.  I wish CP handled the other utilities - we need more companies like this one

Community phone has an awful product.  I have called multiple times to get things corrected and they say they will fix but they do not follow through.  My elderly parents have a voicemail that they set up the still says the caller has reached a different number than the one dialed.  Added an international option was a nightmare and still does not work with the new SIM card.

The representatives do not listen to what one says.  I called to see if the service would work at my house.  The usual internet sources for address (ie google et al) always show the wrong house which is one mile away, in a very different area.  For some reason the rep could not understand this.  If that is the level of "help" it's probably not a company with whom to do business for anyone in an unusual location.

From my first inquiry, to the set up of my e-mail, Community Phone agents have patiently helped me with all the issues I encountered with knowledge and a friendly demeanor...resolving them in every case.  I have been able to contact a person in customer service, every time, which is one of the hallmarks of a quality company.  Many have resorted to AI which often results in an undesirable experience..I highly recommend Community Phone for more satisfactory encounters..

you guys were all so very friendly and patient as I worked with the bank and you to resolve this between the bank system being down and them canceling my card for suspected fraud . I'm just happy its all worked out.

A person answered the phone initially.  I was able to get my questions answered and move forward to service.  I have an equipment issue after pkg was received and I was able again to reach a person to help me solve the problem.  The Community Phone team has stayed with me for complete resolution

The landline service with community phone has been a welcomed success, coming after a move and the realization that I would lose services with AT&T. Their pricing came in lower than expected and the install was simple, the customer support assistant paramount to help and complete.  What a God send.

When I answer the person is not there and it's one ring or two.  Then last night and this morning I was going to make calls and when I picked up the phone it was a loud beeping sound.  I talked to a couple of people yesterday and we tried some different things, and they didn't work.  Today when I called, they are going to send me a new sims card to try.  It's not a bargain if it doesn't work!  This hasn't worked right since I've got it and I'm very unsatisfied with the performance.

I ordered the phone. I received it in time. After it arrived, I did not like the pricing. I thought it would be 39.00 a months but found out it was going to be over 52.00. I called to cancel and send back phone , the customer service man who helped me was excellent with his handling of this matter. I appreciate his understanding and explaining of the process.

After chatting with David about system questions I had, the sign up process was easy and straight-forward.  When I received my call box, set up was simple and the phone works great.  I think the experience would be better with some operational instructions for plan feature step by step execution.  A "how to do" site where you can see how to call forward or recover voicemail would be helpful.

I responded to this same survey a couple of weeks ago, and with my thoughts and concerns about your phone service. I did not hear back regarding the issues I outlined. I need caller ID with the name and phone number of the caller to show on my phone dashboard, if the call goes to my voice mail, I want to be able to retrieve the name and phone number of the caller.

Easy to get started. Quick hookup and great service.Representative was very knowledgeable and helpful.

I,would rate 5 stars but for one thing.  My problem was addressed and partially corrected in a timely manner but I was not notified that it was corrected. I found out on my own that it was corrected.For whatever reason my cell phone could not call through to our community phone number when others in my family could (they had different carriers than I) I am not sure if it was because of my carrier (AT&T), but that was corrected the next day.  I made a call to the number just to see if it would go through and it did.The other issue I had raised (incorrect time stamp on voice mails) had not been corrected the last time I checked. While this is a fairly minor issue in the big scheme of things, it is a issue that I would like to see corrected.

Beth had the port cancelled that cancelled the last phone Account with AT&T so I won't be billed for a account that we have not used for the last 3 months.

It has taken 10 months for this company to figure out what must have been several problems with my service. As far as I now know, all of those problems have been satisfactorily resolved. If that proves to be the case, I will be delighted with Community Telephone. NO SOONER HAD I POSTED THIS REVIEW WHEN MY SERVICE FAILED AGAIN.  I AM WITHOUT WORDS!

I do not like the lag time to when I get ring tones from the phone  call coming in.  Sometimes all I get is one ring and when I pick up the phone all I get is dial tone.  I do not get this all the time but I suppose the person calling is impatient or they do not want  to leave a message.  who knows.  It takes a little getting used to as when the call ends I get a honking tone instead of a dial tone.  Really wierd.

I've only been a member for a short time. Any questions or concerns have been address quickly.It's also nice they call back and actually answer the phone with out spending hours with a robot. So far so good. Hope it remains that way.

I am medically housebound; my wife must use a cane.1.  My Callers got a message: “This line is unavailable. Leave a message at the tone and hang-up.”2.  Had to use my cell phone to call your agent. Agent said I must go to Community Phone Base Station (CPBS) and de-power it. I asked agent if they could reset by a remote command; she said YES, NEXT TIME!This is second problem where service is deprived!!!!

Very helpful getting the initial order placed and great support with initial billing issue. Everything arrived as promised and scheduled. Setup was easy and works fantastic.

I enjoy your service, less telemarketing calls on my home phone number.  Really Community phone is great.

What I learned was helpful, but I need more information if I'm able to continue using my current home phone number with Community  Phone.  I'm hoping you will follow up.Mary

Jonathan didn't quit helping until the problem was fixed. He worked with me most of the day before we got resolution. He was very helpful.

The staff at community phone were both helpful and respectful. I appreciated their efforts on my behalf. Thank you for your service.

I feel "gun shy" about giving a good rating because we've had nothing but problems ever since we signed up with your service...That was back in January or February 2024 and here it's August.  If this were YOU, how would you rate it???

The customer service people were nice but I canceled the service since it did not work out for my 90 y/o mom. Her cell phone is sufficient for her phone use. It has been a struggle and hassle to get my one year prepaid service refunded after using for less than one month.

Had problems making calls I had a good person tell me what to do and they did their part to fix problems

To date, every interaction with Community Phone has been positive.  I have been with Community Phone for approximately one and one half years, andplan to continue with this company.  I highly recommend Community Phone to anyone who might be interested in joining.

to have all of your people on the same page so that I wouldn't have had to make 5 calls in order to get my landline fixed. we had to go almost 3 months without a phone and that wasnt acceptable and after all of those calls, the 5th person was able to help

This has been a very easy transaction, we seem to have strong phone service, and the customer service has been perfect. We're looking forward to telling our neighbors!

I can't rely on the timing of my phone calls.. a lot of times my phone shuts down every 30 minutes while I'm talking to someone. Also, there are times when it takes several times for me to dial a  number before it will go through. And sometimes when somebody calls me and wants to leave a message on my answering machine it goes to my cell phone instead. I called and talked to one of their representatives about my problems and was told to  just unplug it, wait a few minutes and plug it back in and that it should work but it still does the same thing

I have a nine-digit account number with Century Link, my current provider.  However, Community requires a 19-digit number.  The problem may stem from so many electrical outages in the area recently.  Your personnel are always courteous, but it seems that the problem of getting connected to Community Phone may never be solved.

When I finally talked to someone we were able to hopefully solve the problem. The gentleman I talked to was very nice and professional. Answered my questions and will be sending a new phone.

Wonderful customer service with a real person!  Glad I ditched Xfinity.  Much greater clarity which is really useful as my hearing is not the best anymore.

David was very helpful setting up the account. The unit arrived in the planned time. Just 24 hours and I should be changed over from Clear Rate and on to having a functioning phone again. So far, so good. Thanks.

My monthly bill is in my credit card , I get notified each month when it’s due again. No problem with anything since I signed up with you. Thanks for being a company I can trust.  Lois

Beth was absolutely awesome! She answered all of my questions and concerns in great detail.  Such a joy to receive excellent customer service and support!!

Waiting to be contacted to resolve issue  concerning phone.  Good discussion with your worker. Waiting for call  to resolve issue concerning voice mail issue .

We did have some difficulty getting set up, for some reason it took some time but everyone I had dealings with were so nice and patient and explained things so well it was a pleasure doing business with them.

As a senior that is not so tech savvy, the associates that worked with me via phone, were very patient and completed my setup.

I can't get technical help to set up answering service on my phone.  Instead I was sent to "Just Answer" and charged $55 for a membership that I did not want.

Phone won’t receive calls from Verizon cellphones.  Made 5 calls to service reps.  Can’t fix. Worthless.  Prepaid for a year. Will be asking for a full refund.

The given phone number was answered in a reasonable time and the agent solved the issue very professionally.

The support tech agent was nice and friendly and with one call able to help me. He stayed on the line and directed  me step by step of how to fix my phone issue. So glad he was so patience a great and wonderful person!

As a new company, there are bugs to work out in their system.   I believe in being patient and supporting companies that give their customers options, which is very rare with most tech service companies these days.    When you need assistance, you speak to a human, instead of an automated system, a human eager to give you the best service possible.    Being honest with your customers, is also refreshing to experience,  from a service provider.     I will expect a resolution, in an expeditious manner, of their equipment service issues,  and also a continuation of good service, and honesty in stating status, when the bugs are worked out.     I really want to see this company grow, in their strengths, and to get a quick resolution of the issues plaguing them now, in their system.     As for their employees, I have no complaints with their performance, as they are very professional.

I dont like the fact that we had international calling at first and without notice it was cut off second you changed our phone number and not until i called asking why we were having problems i was told about it with your company saying it was an error, this landline was put in for my elderly parents and cant have so many changes happening to there service

I liked the fact that my request was handled immediately, but when you responded it was to someone named "Gregory" I think, not Earnestine.

I have set my community phone so I can always get through the line.my Dad is safe in his apartment as I can call him every night and he always picks up the phone and is safe and sound.

We were very pleased with the ease of transitioning to Community Phone Service!!

The problem was corrected right way. The person I spoke to understood as an 87-year-old we are not up on the new technology.

What made my experience positive was that I was actually able to connect to a live human agent, a real person, instead of to the maddening robots of other companies.  While I was trying to set up my service with Community Phone, the agents were patient and helpful. I talked to 4 different ones because I experienced difficulties in getting the service going. There was only one agent who was hard to understand because of a thick accent; the other three were clear-spoken, which makes a huge difference to the customer and takes away a lot of stress while communicating. All in all, Community Phone was relief compared to other companies.

Community Phone is very easy to contact & their phone agents are helpful & personable!

I have had to call the company a few times since I switched to this service for many small issues and each time the tech person that helped me was always patient in explaining how to make the corrections to the base which worked.

Just didn't work at this location or in our home.  Gave it 10 months.  Had to reset it continuously, and still was 80% inoperable

They answered all of my questions and were prompt delivering the box for my landline phone.

Excellent technical support!  Charles solved our issues within ten minutes by remotely checking our number and ordering the new sims card to correct the network.  Knowledgeable and professional—A+

Sam and the other guy I talked to were so nice and talked me through what I needed to do.I’am 76 so they were so good giving me a chance to find what I needed to fix the problem.Thank you so much,Glenda Dickens

They walked me through the steps I had to take to reset the phone and told me how to do it in the future if it should happen again.

It's very easy to contact customer service and get quality service. They work hard to resolve the problem.

The people are very helpful we haven't tried the new Sim yet S we been on the road a lot will try on Mon

Sheri, was pleasant, professional, easy to understand, and got my phone working,  Thank You.    C.M.Cox

Shayne solved everything.  Took care of problems we had been having for about 2 months.  I just hope they are now solved.  Charles also helped 2 weeks ago by sending us the new base and connecting to new network.

My experience was great b/c your customer service representative was very helpful. The phone was very easy to setup

Can't get messages and doesn't keep personal greeting not happy with this phone want to cancel

THE GREAT THINK ABOUT COMMUNITY PHONE IS WHEN YOU HAVE AN ISSUE YOU CAN GET A CUSTOMER TECH PERSON ON THE PHONE  TO HELP SOLVE THE PROBLEM INSTEAD OF DOING EVERYTHING ON LINE THROUGH A COMPUTER-- THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS GREAT AND ALSO SOLVED THE ISSUES I WAS HAVING--

I always get polite, caring, and professional agents. They explain and take care of my issues always.

Jay was efficient, helpful and very friendly. We got taken care of quickly and efficiently.

An excellent service. Helpful staff and very good results. Than you!

Young man resolved both problems quickly and efficiently. I appreciated him very much!

Liked the whole unit. We needed a little assistance to setup. The Gentleman helping us was so patient and kind.

I don’t feel that the salesperson explained the system functions well. The customer service support was more informative.

After several minutes of conversation, a beeping sound starts and continues while causing my phone calls to be dropped!

Hello, I really enjoy the community phone. only I don't know how to get my messages? Patricia

Phone service help with setting up was excellent

Called to ask questions about the business. Gentleman was very nice, friendly and helpful.

Your employees were able to completely fixed the problem with our phone and had been working perfectly since.

Courtesy,professional,friendly, easy and good instruction. Will introduce to friend when have chance.

Chuck helped get the phone working.  Issue with how T- Mobile handled spam calls

I had some questions and the representative answered them. Cannot think of anything negative to say.

The representative I talked to was very polite and very helpful.  Thank him for me.

was informative and easy.  Spent a lot of time and answered all questions

No one on the same page  about my account or what is going on

Great customer svc rep who handled my situation and was friendly and  polites.

Att ndees are good but a lot of times phone does not work. Cannot call certain numbers only two rings then cutoff.

I had to cancel because I lost access to my Medical Alert system. I need this as I am 90 years old and have a great fear of falling.  Sorry.

The person that helped me was very helpful and made me get a cellphone and I didn't have to cancel my service.made a great choice.thank you

I have some phone issues. The representative was absolutely fantastic. I believe the issues will be resolved soon.

Third time calling about issues with our phone. Have not received call back as promised twice.

No hassle. Fast response

Blocking robo calls is great.  I just wish that the community phone included extensions.

I've just gotta say, 5 stars for community phone because so far every time I've reached out to them, I get nothing but friendly people who are always there for me and willing to help, I've been a customer for just over 1 year now and will continue to stay with them, and I have the same coverage I had with 1 of those other companies but more expensive and harder to get customer service response.

The rep assisted me with getting my name added to show on caller IDs.

The agents were prompt in providing answers and service to deal with  my concerns.

Extremely patient and helpful support in setting up my landline.

I love community phone because of their service and pay

Great job and I will recommend the service to others

So far, I have received great service!

Great help to fix my problem

the technician was very attentive and solved my problem.

Support worked out all startup issues.

Resolved the issue very quickly and efficiently

It didn’t take very long to get my question answered. They have been super so far.

The same things I wrote on my last review.  How often do I have to do this???

Everything  is  good 👍

Thank you for easy connection

Excellent customer support in getting my elderly Mom's phone working. It was greatly appreciated.

Easy, fast delivery and easy hook up.

I'm a new customer but so far I all is well.

I live in the country had alot of beeping calls

It took several weeks to get the problem solved.

Great technical support

Very patient, kind, knowledgeable and considerate.  It was a doffocilt problem and they were very understanding.

Too long of hold time.  We were on the phone for 40 minutes before someone came on the call to help.

A little. too long slow on answering, on hold 6 min .  too long time span

THANKS PROBLEM RESOLVED

Very helpful and polite

Took longer to fix than anticipated

The associate was very helpful and resolved my issue.

The person i spoke with was very helpful

short hold time to speak with someone, fast answer

Absolutely fantastic tech and customer service support

The attendants were excellent.  Great service, polite, helpful

Service was great

Great service

We purchased this for my mom and it worked well.

GOOD SERVICE

Good service

we still cannot use our voice mail or our cell phone.

Greatest service- prompt and quickly met my needs

Very friendly, helpful and informative.

they was very helpful

Arrived on time and easy to use

Answered the phone without making me wait!

Very friendly and helpful ! Thanks

Fast service, competent employees.  Patientand clear with explanations. Very understanding.

The name on the bill is wrong.  AND no one will pick up the telephone.

The patience of

Great company and no hassle

attention to my specific requests and attention to detail.

